Consent to Use of Photographs, Video, and Audio Recordings

Effective date: 26 March 2026
Issued by Eventsphere Ltd

Overview

WYA ("Where You At") may capture photographs, video footage, and audio recordings at events and in connection with the Platform. This consent explains how recordings that identify you may be used for promotional and marketing purposes, and how you may agree or decline.

What you are consenting to

If you give consent, Eventsphere Ltd and its partners may collect and use images, video, and audio that identify you for promotional and marketing purposes relating to WYA and partner events. Uses may include social media, websites, advertising, email campaigns, printed material, and press coverage, where permitted by applicable law.

Our commitments

We will use recordings only for the purposes described in this consent and in our Privacy Policy. We will not sell your image, voice, or likeness as stand-alone data. Where content is shared with organisers or brand partners, we will aim to ensure appropriate terms and attribution, consistent with our Privacy Policy and the Kenya Data Protection Act, 2019.

Your rights

You may withdraw this consent at any time by contacting us at support@wyakenya.com. Withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of use that occurred before you withdrew. If you do not consent, or you withdraw consent, we will not use new recordings of you for promotional or marketing purposes as described above, subject to legal exceptions (for example where a recording is incidental in crowd footage or has already been lawfully published).

Release

To the extent permitted by law, you release Eventsphere Ltd and its licensees from claims relating to the use of recordings in line with the consent you have given.

Your choice

Please select one of the following (you can update your choice later in account settings):

[ ] I consent to the collection and use of my image, video, and/or audio recordings as described above, for promotional and marketing purposes.

[ ] I do not consent to the collection and use of my image, video, and/or audio recordings for promotional and marketing purposes.

Last updated: 26 March 2026.
